Docs: Update plugin.json docs and schema (#64297)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/plugins/metadata.md

| `logs`               | boolean                       | No       | For data source plugins, if the plugin supports logs. Not used in Grafana core but may be used by external plugins.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| `metrics`            | boolean                       | No       | For data source plugins, if the plugin supports metric queries. Used to enable the plugin in the panel editor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> | `pascalName`         | string                        | No       | The PascalCase name for the plugin. Used for creating machine-friendly identifiers, typically in code generation. If not provided, defaults to name, but title-cased and sanitized (only alphabetical characters allowed).                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: Will reader know what PascalCase is?

Author: actually, since we are marking some properties as "internal only" and remove it from the docs, this is one of those cases.

| `dependencies`       | [object](#dependencies)       | **Yes**  | Dependency information related to Grafana and other plugins.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| `$schema`            | string                        | No       | Schema definition for the plugin.json file. Used primarily for schema validation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `alerting`           | boolean                       | No       | For data source plugins, if the plugin supports alerting. Requires `backend` to be enabled as well.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `alerting`           | boolean                       | No       | For data source plugins, if the plugin supports alerting. Requires `backend` to set to `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

| `autoEnabled`        | boolean                       | No       | Set to true for app plugins that should be enabled and pinned to the navigation bar in all orgs.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `backend`            | boolean                       | No       | If the plugin has a backend component.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | `builtIn`            | boolean                       | No       | Indicates whether the plugin is developed and shipped as part of Grafana. Also known as a 'core plugin'.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer 2: This field is a weird one. There's only 3 plugins that set this - `mixed`, `dashboard` and `grafana` datasource plugins - basically "static" datasources that we don't want to show up in the datasources or plugins list. I wonder is it worth documenting this one as it's strictly for internal purposes and ideally we should probably figure out a better way to support these special plugins

Author: okay, I'll remove it from the docs and add a note in the schema and plugin def

| `category`           | string                        | No       | Plugin category used on the "Add data source" page. Possible values are: `tsdb`, `logging`, `cloud`, `tracing`, `profiling`, `sql`, `enterprise`, `iot`, `other`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `enterpriseFeatures` | [object](#enterprisefeatures) | No       | Grafana Enerprise specific features                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `enterpriseFeatures` | [object](#enterprisefeatures) | No       | Grafana Enterprise specific features                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

| `executable`         | string                        | No       | The first part of the file name of the backend component executable. There can be multiple executables built for different operating system and architecture. Grafana will check for executables named `<executable>_<$GOOS>_<lower case $GOARCH><.exe for Windows>`, e.g. `plugin_linux_amd64`. Combination of $GOOS and $GOARCH can be found here: https://golang.org/doc/install/source#environment. |

> | `hideFromList`       | boolean                       | No       | Excludes the plugin from listings in Grafana's UI. Only allowed for `builtIn` plugins.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer 2: Not entirely true as this one only applies to `welcome` and `gettingstarted` - again another internal field that shouldn't be used 🤦

| `includes`           | [object](#includes)[]         | No       | Resources to include in plugin.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `logs`               | boolean                       | No       | For data source plugins, if the plugin supports logs. Not used in Grafana core but may be used by external plugins.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | `metrics`            | boolean                       | No       | For data source plugins, if the plugin supports metric queries. Needs to be enabled for data source plugins. Used to enable the plugin in the panel editor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `metrics`            | boolean                       | No       | For data source plugins, if the plugin supports metric queries. Used to enable the plugin in the panel editor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
```
Do we need that sentence?

Author: not really

| `pascalName`         | string                        | No       | The PascalCase name for the plugin. Used for creating machine-friendly identifiers, typically in code generation. If not provided, defaults to name, but title-cased and sanitized (only alphabetical characters allowed).                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | `preload`            | boolean                       | No       | Initialize plugin on startup. By default, the plugin initializes on first use. Useful for app plugins that require to load without user interaction.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `preload`            | boolean                       | No       | Initialize plugin on startup. By default, the plugin initializes on first use. Useful for app plugins that should load without user interaction.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
```

| `skipDataQuery`      | boolean                       | No       | For panel plugins. Hides the query editor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `state`              | string                        | No       | Marks a plugin as a pre-release. Possible values are: `alpha`, `beta`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | `streaming`          | boolean                       | No       | For data source plugins, if the plugin supports streaming. Used in Explore to start live stream.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `streaming`          | boolean                       | No       | For data source plugins, if the plugin supports streaming. Used in Explore to start live streaming.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

> | `tracing`            | boolean                       | No       | For data source plugins, if the plugin supports tracing. Used, for example, to link logs (e.g. Loki logs) with tracing plugins.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `tracing`            | boolean                       | No       | For data source plugins, if the plugin supports tracing. Used for example to link logs (e.g. Loki logs) with tracing plugins.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```
